#Processes for the MagAO-X RTC
#process-ID    Executable
isRTC          xindiserver
camwfs         ocam2KCtrl
camwfs-sw      streamWriter
camwfs-avg     shmimIntegrator
camwfs-fit     pupilFit
fxngenmodwfs   siglentSDG
modwfs         ttmModulator
dmtweeter      bmcCtrl
dmtweeter-avg  shmimIntegrator
tweeterModes   dmMode
dmwoofer       alpaoCtrl
dmwoofer-avg   shmimIntegrator
wooferModes    dmMode
t2wOffloader   t2wOffloader
mzmqServerRTC  mzmqServer
rtc_icc_indi   sshDigger
rtc_aoc_indi   sshDigger
ttmpupil       pi335Ctrl
sysMonRTC      sysMonitor
