#Processes for the MagAO-X ICC
#process-ID    Executable
isICC          xindiserver
camsci1        picamCtrl
camsci2        picamCtrl
camlowfs       andorCtrl
pwfsTipBasler  baslerCtrl
fwpupil        filterWheelCtrl
fwfpm          filterWheelCtrl
fwlyot	       filterWheelCtrl
fwlowfs        filterWheelCtrl
fwsci1         filterWheelCtrl
fwsci2         filterWheelCtrl
zaberLowLevel  zaberLowLevel
stagelowfs     zaberCtrl
stagesci1      zaberCtrl
stagesci2      zaberCtrl
stagescibs     zaberCtrl
xt1121_1       xt1121Ctrl
xt1121_2       xt1121Ctrl
dcdu0          xt1121DCDU
dcdu1          xt1121DCDU
dmncpc         alpaoCtrl
ncpcModes      dmMode
mzmqServerICC  mzmqServer
icc_aoc_indi   sshDigger
icc_rtc_indi   sshDigger


