#Processes for the MagAO-X AOC
#process-ID       Executable
isAOC             xindiserver
pdu0              trippLitePDU
pdu1              trippLitePDU
pdu2              trippLitePDU
pdu3              trippLitePDU
labCool           koolanceCtrl
tcsi              tcsInterface
adctrack          adcTracker
ktrack            kTracker
aoc_icc_indi      sshDigger
aoc_rtc_indi      sshDigger
aoc_icc_notebook      sshDigger
aoc_rtc_notebook      sshDigger
aoc_icc_milkzmq   sshDigger
aoc_rtc_milkzmq   sshDigger
mzmqClientAOC_ICC mzmqClient
mzmqClientAOC_RTC mzmqClient
mzmqServerAOC     mzmqServer
sysMonAOC         sysMonitor
observers         observerCtrl

